(DOCSP-24561): Flutter default config docs (#2101)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/flutter/realm-database/open-and-close-a-realm.txt

   :language: dart
   :emphasize-lines: 1-3, 6

.. _flutter-customize-default-configuration:

Customize Default Configuration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can customize the default path where Realm stores database files
and the default name given to database files.

Use the static :flutter-sdk:`Configuration.defaultRealmName <realm/Configuration/defaultRealmName.html>`
and :flutter-sdk:`Configuration.defaultRealmPath <realm/Configuration/defaultRealmPath.html>`
to set default configuration for all realms opened within an application.

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/flutter/open_realm_test.snippet.default-realm-name-path.dart
   :language: dart

> You can also check where realm files are stored by default using the static getter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also check where realm stores the files by default using the static getter
```
passive voice -> active voice
